CBD fetch params docs (#5587)
demisto/content: Integrations/integration-CarbonBlackDefense_CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

>   - Added proper error messages for missing the fetch parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added proper error messages for missing fetch parameters.
```

>   - Added detailed description of how to retrieve the fetch parameters: SIEM Key, SIEM ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added detailed description which describes how to retrieve the fetch parameters: SIEM Key, SIEM ID.
```
